come with us to the world of fantasy and
imagination we reach discovery begins
with fairy tale inspiration come with
welcome aboard disney cruise line for a
voyage into uncharted magic on every
different disney cruise vacation the
magic and wonder of disney will delight
you day and night uniquely separate
areas for children families and adults
promise excitement for all ages with
something special for everyone
everywhere you go by day families laugh
and play under the Sun and all around
with entertainment like no other ship at
sea original disney state shows time
with your favorite characters and a
whole world of disney differences
kids can embark on journeys of pure
imagination in the ocean air club and
the ocean your lab places back was so
much disney fun they almost fill an
entire deck
team leaders get their own private club
Plus programs created just for them
adults are pampered in exclusive areas
where massage tables beckon wine
tastings tempt and relaxation by the
adult pool offers a little slice of
paradise choose the chest for you option
from the main menu to see all of the
great activities on board for all ages
each evening the possibilities for
everyone on board are as countless as
the scars in the sky
dazzling Disney restaurant sparkle with
delicious possibilities in three unique
settings from European elegance to
Caribbean style
on to animated whimsy you'll enjoy a
distinctly different culinary experience
as your personal waitstaff travels with
you each night so you will enjoy dining
with servers who already know you like
your meals prepared chess so of course
if you're in the mood for a special
romantic getaway make a reservation for
dinner high above the sea at Palo a
relaxed yet elegant restaurant just for
adults
everyone is invited to gather in the
spectacular Walt Disney theater for
classic family entertainment and moving
original Disney musicals that come to
life with all the style of Broadway
itself kids of all ages find hands on
high energy excitement in a unique
family nightclub where everyone plays
along teens get their own private dance
party after dark and every night adults
can head to their exclusive late-night
district three very different incredible
clubs where good times and great music
make for evenings you won't soon forget
and that's just part of the magic of
every Disney cruise
on our seven night cruises you'll have
time to discover even more enchantment
whichever disney cruise line vacation
you choose rest assured you will enjoy
the most warmly detailed staterooms on
the sea all masterfully crafted to give
your family more personal space than
you'd ever expect on a cruise so every
night you'd be stretch out in comfort as
you sail away to tropical Wonderland
welcome to Disney's Castaway Cay our own
private island in the Bahamas every
Disney cruise to the Caribbean leads to
these glistening shores where our ships
actually pull into port to let you step
right onto an island dream for children
this place is Neverland for adults it's
shangri-la on cast away key you will
rejuvenate on enchanted beaches with 14
families who won four teens and a
separate secluded beach just for adults
here you can take a dip in magical
waters and enjoy a world of tropical
surprises pure relaxation and incredible
imagination the choices are endless the
island is yours castaway cay
magical voyages tropical dreams whatever
vacation you wish for there's a Disney
cruise just for you you can explore them
all by selecting itineraries from the
main menu come with us for three four or
seven nights of dreams come true
set sail on voyages like no others on
the seven seas on ships filled with
memories you and your family will
cherish for a lifetime
on a vacation as enchanting as a Disney
fairy tale that set sail on magic come
with us to a world of fantasy and
imaginations we reach discovery begins
with fairy tale
come with us
see then
Joe
me
true
we
cross the sea
to discover more of the wonders of every
Disney cruise choose the onboard
selection from the main menu
you